[device beeps]
[man speaking
indistinctly over PA]
[woman speaking indistinctly
over police radio]
[distant horn blowing]
[K.Flay's "Blood in the Cut"]
- * Na na na na na na
*
* Na na na na na
* Na na na na
* Na na na na na na
*
* Na na na na na
* Na na na na
* Na na na na na na
*
* Na na na na na
* Na na na na
* Na na na na na na
* I need noise
[all screaming]
- * I need the buzz of a sub
* Need the crack of a whip
* Need some blood in the cut
* I need noise
* I need the buzz of a sub
* Need the crack of a whip
* Need some blood in the cut
* I need blood in the cut
[laughter]
*
- What are you doing?
- Nothing. I just--
I want to remember this moment.
- Uh, Jane,
you know you've been walking
into this same building
for, like, four years, right?
- Yeah, but as an assistant.
This is totally different.
- Oh, okay.
- Joan Didion walked through
this very same lobby once
and Meghan Daum
and Rachel Syme.
Nora Ephron just emailed
that one freelance thing in,
but still, I want to remember
what walking
into "Scarlet" magazine
as a writer feels like.
All right, ready?
- Okay, but there's the line--
- Get in.
- Oh, okay. All right.
- Yo, come on, lady,
move your ass.
- Uh, excuse me, my friend
is having a moment.
[cell phone chimes]
- So rude.
[elevator bell dings]
*
- Lauren asked me
to send 10 pitches
to the whole writing staff.
I got so excited,
I sent them 20.
- Nerd.
- Morning, Kate.
- Hi, Jane.
She's gonna send the best ones
up to Jacqueline,
and then from there, I get
my first writing assignment.
[dramatic music]
*
- Okay. Grab her.
- Whoa! Wait, why?
We're supposed to be
at the August
presentation meeting.
- All right,
calm down, Type A.
We're gonna get you there,
but first,
we are toasting your ass.
- For the past four years,
the three of us
have toiled away together
in the assistant trenches.
- Actually, I was only
in there for two.
- Kat, we're having
Jane time now.
- Okay, fine, but
my social media director salary
paid for the champs, so--
- When we started
together as assistants,
I had no idea that you guys
would also become
my very best friends.
Jane, we're so happy for you
and so incredibly proud.
- Thank you.
I still can't believe
that it's really happening.
I mean, you guys know
when I was--
both:
A young girl in Colorado,
reading "Scarlet" magazine
in my closet.
- Okay, I thought
it was Jane time.
- Sorry, you can totally
have it.
- It's your moment.
- You did it.
You got your dream job.
- [mouths words]
[cell phone vibrating]
- Lauren wants coffee
before the board presentation.
- Oh, it's in the kitchen,
where she can make it herself.
- Kat, take over.
- No.
We are going to wait
until we can celebrate together.
We have a meeting to go to.
Let's go.
- [exclaims]
- [groans]
[upbeat music]
*
[indistinct conversation]
- Jane.
You're a writer now.
Sit with us.
- It's cool.
Go.
- Thank you, Alex.
[Leon Else's "Black Car"]
- * Driving in my black car
*
* Burning up some gasoline
* Set my wheels on fire
* Unleash your desire
* To the night-crawling
machine *
- Good morning, everyone.
- * Can you feel
my heart beat? *
* Can you feel
*
[cell phone chimes]
* Can you feel my heart beat?
*
- Well, I am so happy
to see all your bright,
shining, young,
ethnically, sexually,
and gender-diverse faces
this morning
so we can hammer out the issues
that really matter
to today's woman.
Lauren, why don't you
get us started?
- And moving forward
to our health section,
we have a fantastic article
about the best way to broach
uncomfortable concerns
with your gynecologist.
- I'd like to flag a concern
about the word "punani."
- The article specifically says
"Don't call it your punani."
- Understood, but in the past,
we've been criticized
by a small but very vocal
Indian group
who believes that the word
has been unfairly
misappropriated.
I'd rather swap it out
and avoid any kind of backlash.
- Any problems
with the word "vajayjay"?
- Uh, yeah.
It's not 2006.
- We can skip
the next two pages.
We had to pull the article
over a legal issue.
- Wait, is that the, uh--
the lesbian
Muslim artist story?
We think this will have
a huge social-media reach.
- Unfortunately,
it's a moot point.
The artist initially agreed
to let us run her photographs,
but reneged at the last minute.
- Why did she decide
to pull out?
Okay, I just--I think this story
is worth fighting for.
It's click gold for us.
It hits all of our boxes,
no pun intended.
It's feel-good, sexy,
just the right amount
of political.
- And I don't disagree.
However, unfortunately,
as Lauren said,
it is a moot point,
so let's move on.
Let me take it from here.
Moving on to our Desire
and Devotion section.
This month, I am proud
to present to you...
"Mount Up and Ride.
"From Sidesaddle to Bareback,
"We've Got Positions Guaranteed
to Make You Yeehaw."
[men murmuring]
- I think we sufficiently
shocked them.
- I don't know how you enjoy
those meetings.
- All you have to do
is look at their faces.
- Hold that elevator.
- * Burn, baby, burn, baby
*
* Burn, baby, burn, baby
- How much pushback
am I going to get
from Charles this month?
- You're a magazine about sex.
He gets that.
You're a magazine
about empowering women.
[elevator bell dings]
- Yeehaw.
- Lauren, I'm gonna go
grab your lunch.
I'll be right back up.
- Thanks, Sutton.
And a green juice, please.
[elevator doors close]
*
- My place?
Tonight?
Yeah.
- * I want to feel it
on my skin *
* I want to wake that fire
* Light the fire in me
*
- What about this?
Female heads of unions--
about how the number of women
in leadership roles
is still disproportionately low.
And we covered something similar
last May.
- I didn't say that,
but we covered
something similar last May.
- [sighs]
I-I'm just second-guessing
everything.
- Go with your gut.
What does Jane Sloan care about?
- Um, Jane Sloan cares about
not looking like an idiot
in front
of Jacqueline again.
- Interesting.
It just clicked for me
what is going wrong
with your ideas.
You're pitching what you think
I want to hear.
- W-well--
- You're a new voice.
I want to hear it.
You and me...
my office...
first thing tomorrow morning.
[dramatic music]
*
- Oh, I think I'm gonna be sick.
How about these?
- Too big.
And I can still see your pain.
- Great.
- Ladies,
I have spent
the last two hours
down a lesbian Muslim
rabbit hole.
What's wrong with her?
- Jacqueline hated
all of my ideas.
- She didn't hate them.
- Oh, no, she was just
fascinated by how boring
they were.
- Hey, if it helps,
I heard Jacqueline tell Lauren
that she's looking
for something
in the "social media
stalking" arena.
- Yeah, you know,
I'm not gonna
inspire the next generation
of women
with social-media stalking.
- Fine.
We can talk about Kat's
lesbian Muslim rabbit hole,
because seriously, what?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna persuade that artist
to be in the magazine.
- Oh, no, Kat,
I would let it go.
Lauren was not happy today.
- That's because
she's threatened
by anyone young
with ambition.
- Well, Jacqueline
wasn't happy either.
- She wasn't happy
with the interruption,
but she was basically telling me
to go after that story.
- I want to be
as confident as her.
How did she get to be
so confident?
- Um, she was over-praised
as a child.
[funky pop music]
- * Got me running round
* Got me playing
for your change, you do *
*
[both laughing]
[cell phone chimes, vibrates]
- Mm, don't you--
- I have to!
- Don't you dare.
Don't.
- It might be work.
- What, another
green juice emergency?
- Oh, is now a good time
to remind you
that your big crisis yesterday
was "punani"?
- Ah.
[cell phone vibrates]
Fine.
- [chuckles]
I am planning the entire
60th-anniversary party.
If I don't get this...
- Mm-hmm.
- We might not have
color-coordinated macaroons.
- Oh, my God.
- I just can't live
in that world.
- That doesn't look like work.
That looks like Snapchat,
which I thought was just
for sending dirty pics.
- No.
Okay, once.
- [laughs]
- [groans]
- Everything okay?
- Yeah, my friend has
a big meeting
with Jacqueline today.
- Lucky her.
- And I...
am color-coordinating
macaroons.
But don't worry.
I'm not gonna start dumping
my problems on you.
I know that's not what this is.
- Oh?
And what is this?
- Did I not make it obvious?
- Mm-mm.
- Well...
- [gasps]
- I'm using you...
for sex.
- You monster.
- [chuckles]
[upbeat music]
Hey, Richard.
- Yeah?
- Say "punani" again.
- Oh.
[both murmuring]
Punani, punani, pun--
- [laughing]
- * Come on, baby,
won't you talk to me? *
- Shut up.
- I don't have a lot of time,
but I just wanted
to chat with you
about where you fit in here.
- Absolutely, and I know
that my last round of pitches
was way too safe.
- And I have writers
who write safe,
and then I have writers
who take big swings,
and we just need to find out
which one you are.
- And I think I could be
one of those big-swing writers,
and I'm already brainstorming
some new ideas.
- Great.
Fire when ready.
That means give me what you got.
- Oh, uh...
- Jane.
This is a huge promotion.
Now, I believe that you are
ready for this next step,
but now you have to show me
you're ready.
Try again.
Full sentences this time.
- Um, okay, uh,
redefining what it means
to break through
the glass ceiling.
We could call it, uh,
"Not Your Mother's
Glass Ceiling."
- Mm, that feels familiar to me.
I need something more specific.
What's your relationship
with your mother like?
- Um, uh...
I was thinking just
more mothers in general.
- Generalities
do not sell magazines.
- Uh, social-media stalking.
How often should you look
at your ex online?
- Actually, I was still
on the mother topic.
I like these two together.
- Thank you, Jacqueline.
- Right. Sorry, um...
and my ex isn't even on
social media, so...
Uh, but I was thinking
mothers--
- No, hold on.
This ex of yours.
Isn't that odd
for somebody your age
not to be on social media?
- A friend of his
screwed up a job pretty bad
because of a dumb
Instagram post--
- What's that like, not being
able to check up on your ex?
- Fine.
[sighs]
Okay, it's horrible.
- [chuckles]
There was a time
when we were all
in that position--
not being able to check up
on our exes.
Ladies, I think that we could
do a little bit better here,
don't you?
- Well, then you understand
how powerless I feel.
- Mm, I can't say
I've ever felt powerless--
more like curious.
But, you know,
I'm very interested now,
so tell me more about this.
- Well, our breakup
was really sudden,
and I don't know
what happened,
so maybe I wouldn't have
to wonder so much
if I just knew where he was
or what he was doing right now.
- Sounds like it might be
the time to find that out,
wouldn't you say?
And write about it?
- Yes, yes, uh,
I-I could do a how--how-to.
"How To Stalk
Your Unstalkable Ex."
- Yes, great title.
I can't wait to see
where this goes.
[upbeat music]
- * We were wild,
wild, wild, wild *
* Looking hungry,
* Taking turns sleeping, wild
[camera shutter clicking]
* The end of the forest
is the start... *
- Uh, hello?
- Hey.
Uh, Adena, right?
- Mm-hmm.
[speaking native language]
- Kat Edison from "Scarlet."
I spoke to your manager
on the phone, I think.
- Firuze.
Seriously?
- Kat, hello.
I'm Firuze, Adena's manager.
- My manager who often neglects
to tell me about meetings
when she knows
they're going to annoy me.
- Adena, Kat was very persuasive
on the phone.
Please be persuasive.
This is a huge opportunity
to share her art with America.
- Okay. Well, then
let me get right to it.
"Scarlet" has a circulation
of over 3 million.
Between Twitter, Instagram,
and Snapchat,
which I'm actually in charge of,
we reach
6 million more people.
And, you know,
I understand why those numbers
might be kind of intimidating.
- What do you mean?
- In your essay
about your collection,
you talk about your complicated
relationship
with your religion, and--
- Is that what you think
this is about?
I'm scared?
- No, of course not.
I didn't say that word.
- My Twitter bio
literally reads,
"proud Muslim lesbian."
- Well, yeah, but that's only
a few thousand followers.
This would mean
coming out to millions.
- I would come out
to the whole world
if it was the right place,
but "Scarlet" and I
are not a good match.
I'm sorry, but I cannot
associate my art
with a-a completely
un-feminist magazine.
- That's actually
a common misconception.
- And I have to
get back to work.
I'm so sorry that you
wasted your time
coming down here.
[speaking native language]
[camera shutter clicks]
You know, there's a lot more
inside of a woman
than what you can see
on the outside.
- Yeah, I know...
'cause there's a lot more
inside of me, too.
- * Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
[LOLO's "Not Gonna Let You
Walk Away"]
* Ooh ooh-ooh-ooh ooh ooh
[cell phone vibrates]
*
* Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
* Ooh ooh-ooh-ooh ooh ooh
*
* I've been waiting
on the phone to ring *
* I ain't so good
about answering *
* Why am I always high
when you show up? *
*
* Sometimes your lover
can be a friend *
* But sometimes lovers
need to start again *
* Maybe I need to start
giving up *
* If you want to keep
the diamonds *
* That you bought me,
you can have them *
* It'll give your mom
a reason to smile *
*
- So I just got
a story approved.
- [gasps]
- Are you not wearing a bra?
- I--
You got a story approved?
Oh, my God.
That's amazing.
Tell me everything.
What is the story about?
- My meeting with Adena
was a disaster.
- Aw.
- Is Sutton not wearing a bra?
- Yeah, I don't--
Why aren't you?
- Jane got a story approved.
- Oh, hey! See, I told you.
Who's better than you, babe?
- No one.
- No, no, this is terrible.
It's called "How To Stalk
Your Unstalkable Ex."
- So cute.
- Mm.
- Oh, my God.
I'm a how-to girl.
- Jane, I actually kind of
like the idea
of you doing something
that involves Eric.
You know, maybe you can finally
get some closure.
- I have closure.
It's closed.
[stammering] Don't.
- Don't what?
- Can we just focus on...
- Mm-hmm.
- You getting a bra,
and how am I even supposed
to stalk him?
- Um, how did women
used to do this?
There's--How did women
- I can't believe we're driving
slowly past Eric's house.
[scoffs]
I must be insane.
You know what?
This is stupid.
Sir, can you please
turn around?
- Sir, can you please ignore
everything my friend just said?
- Mm-hmm.
- You're getting closure.
- Yes, and we're on a bridge.
- This is gonna be
really good for you.
- No, no, it's not.
- Yes, it is.
And, hey,
look at all this legroom.
- Oh, my God.
I was just thinking that.
- * Higher, higher
[The Naked and Famous' "Higher"]
* Tonight we raise the dead
* Tonight we bury this...
- Now what?
- I guess we just watch
and wait.
I'm so incredibly sorry, sir.
This is probably
the weirdest thing
you've ever had to do.
- You can call me Carl.
- Hi, Carl.
- How about I get out
and see if his name
is still on the call box?
[car door opens]
- Total babe.
[car door closes]
- God, it's so weird
being back here.
I mean, how many hours
did I spend
hanging out on those steps
with him?
- Mm, honey...
- It's okay. It's okay.
There's no need
to be melodramatic.
I'm--I'm fine.
- Jane, he's the first guy
that you said "I love you" to.
It's okay to not be fine.
- But I'm seriously fine.
- * Under the shape
of years... *
- [exhales deeply]
Okay.
[clears throat]
- Oh, wait, is that him?
- [gasps]
- Oh, my God, it's him.
- Oh!
- * Higher
*
- Carl, Carl, Carl.
[whispering]
That's him. Get back.
- * Tonight we bury this
in fire, fire *
*
* Under the shape of years
* And the weight
that brought us here *
- And now?
- [sighs]
We get the hell out of Brooklyn.
- * Higher, higher
- Jane?
Do you need something?
- Yes, if you have a minute.
- I do if it's important.
- I just wanted to talk to you
about my assignment.
I feel like I gave you
the wrong impression
of who I am as a writer
and where I belong here.
I think that I could handle
bigger subject matter,
and I want to prove it,
so I have some ideas
that I was hoping
to throw at you.
- No.
Jane, I liked your pitch.
It's the story
I want you to write.
- [sighs]
- Lauren Park's office.
Uh, I'll have to
check her schedule
and get back to you.
Thanks.
- Hi.
- Um, so Eric's best friend
is going to a rooftop party
in SoHo tonight.
I know this because
he's on Facebook,
like all sane
and rational people.
- And you think that Eric
might be there with him?
- I think the odds
are good enough
that I have to
check it out, so...
will you please come with me?
[phone ringing]
Please, please, please?
- Hold on.
Lauren Park's office.
I don't have her at the moment.
We'll have to return.
Thank you.
I wish I could,
but I have to work really late
for the 60th-anniversary gala.
- Come on.
Can't you have somebody,
like, fill in for you?
You're such a better
wingwoman than Kat.
I need you.
- Aw, thanks.
Tell that to my boss, though.
[phone ringing]
Lauren Park's office.
- I very much appreciated
the Snapchat lessons.
It seems only fair
I return the favor,
so I'm gonna teach you
how we used to do things.
Describe your panties.
[rock music]
- Hold, please.
This is really important, so...
um, I should probably--
- Okay, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, fine.
I will go alone,
and I will call you later
and tell you all about it.
Love you. Bye.
- Love you, too. Bye.
*
[chuckles]
I can't talk right now.
- Yes, you can.
Find a way.
- Let me see if I can find
the information
that you're looking for.
Ah, yes, here it is.
I believe that for the article
on panties,
we were discussing
a black lace thong.
- Excuse me.
- That's all the information
I have at the moment.
Thank you for calling.
Good-bye.
Sorry. Hi, can I help you
with something?
- I'm looking for this girl.
So tell me, Kat,
have I misunderstood you?
- I'm a feminist, okay?
I'm political,
and so is this magazine.
- It's about clothes and makeup
and how to get boys.
- I dare you to tell that
to Jacqueline.
You know, when she took over
the magazine,
she shifted the focus.
She calls it
stealth feminism.
It's no longer
how to please your man--
or woman--in bed.
It's how to please yourself.
You should come back tomorrow.
I can get you a meeting.
She'll convince you.
- I have a shoot scheduled
in the Middle East tomorrow.
I fly out on the red-eye
tonight.
- Okay, well, then
I'll convince you.
- You are very relentless.
- You have no idea.
[muffled laughter]
- What is going on in there?
- A focus group.
- It's an impressive collection.
- Yeah, uh...
we--we get a lot of freebies
sent to the office.
I'm sorry.
Is this kind of weird?
- It's not weird.
They are illegal
in my country,
but, um, they are illegal
because my government
is repressive...
Which is why
I do not respect that law.
[mellow pop music]
[light pop music]
- Thank you so much
for doing this for me.
Sutton had to work late,
and Kat--I don't know,
something about helping
her new friend
pack for a trip
or something.
- Mm, no problem.
So we're hoping to just
run into your ex?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Oh, thank you.
*
Let's do a lap.
- * Make 'em whistle
like a missile *
* Bomb, bomb
[BLACKPINK's "Whistle"]
* Make 'em whistle
like a missile *
* Bomb, bomb
*
[cell phone vibrates]
* Every time I show up
* Blow up, uh
[singing in Korean]
*
* Make 'em whistle
like a missile *
* Bomb, bomb
*
* Every time I show up
* Blow up, uh
*
* Make 'em whistle
like a missile *
* Bomb, blow up, bomb
- What happened?
With Eric?
- It was my birthday,
and we were gonna go away
for the weekend.
So we're standing
in Grand Central Station,
and he looks at me,
and he says,
"I don't want
to do this anymore."
And I was like, "We don't have
to go to the Hamptons."
And...
yeah, he didn't--
he didn't mean the weekend.
He meant all of it.
- Sorry.
- It's fine.
- Really?
- No. No, it's not fine.
[scoffs]
Um...
I was never taught how to handle
this kind of stuff.
I mean, between three brothers
and no mom,
I didn't exactly
get the instruction manual
on how to deal with it
when the guy you love
leaves you alone
in a train station
on your birthday, so...
- You never told me
about your mom.
- She died when I was
really little,
so I-I don't even
remember her.
- Sorry to hear that.
- It would have been nice
to have
some female energy around.
[soft music]
It's gonna sound
really dumb, but, uh,
it's kind of why
I fell in love with "Scarlet,"
'cause when I needed it,
it was like getting advice
from an older sister
that I always wished I had.
- [chuckles]
It doesn't sound dumb at all.
*
- Yeah.
- * I got drunk and fell asleep
atop the sheets *
* But luckily...
- Thank you, sir.
You will not regret this.
I might.
You will not.
I think the main line calls out
from an unlisted number.
- * Can't remember how it goes
[Courtney Barnett's
"History Eraser"]
[line trilling]
- This is Sutton.
- Hi, it's me.
- Jane?
- Mm-hmm.
- Why are you calling me
from an unknown number?
- It worked.
- You sound drunk.
- Yes. Correct.
I, um--I got myself drunk enough
to express my emotions,
and it turns out I have
a lot of emotions to express.
Not at you.
You, I love.
Um, but at Eric,
and I'm gonna call him
after you give me a pep talk.
- Um, are you sure you want
to do that right now?
- Yes.
Gosh, worst pep talk ever.
- Everything okay?
- Um, Sutton Brady,
where are you?
Are you with a dude?
- No, I'm still at the office.
Ah, that's Lauren's phone
ringing right now.
I got to go get it.
I'm sorry.
I'll call you later.
Bye.
- * With the cream
of sweet vermouth *
* In my brain, I rearrange
* The letters on the page
- Liar.
*
- I hope your friends back home
appreciate the contraband.
- They will.
- [laughs]
- Can I ask you
a personal question?
- Uh, I don't know
what the signals are like
in your culture,
but in mine,
when we spend an evening helping
someone take apart vibrators
to smuggle
into a foreign country,
it's a pretty good indicator
that it's okay to get personal.
- What's your
sexual orientation?
*
- Out and proud hetero.
Sorry.
- It wasn't a come-on.
- Oh, it would be okay
if it was.
I could do worse,
and, you know, honestly,
I actually really get
the whole girl thing.
I do.
But, you know, for me,
I could just never get past...
this.
- Well, for me, it's never
just been about...
"this."
It's, uh...
it's more about this.
- Damn it.
Never really been much
of a boobs girl either.
- You use humor to hide
your real emotions.
- Oh, okay.
All right.
Hey, I'm gonna ask you
a personal question.
- Okay.
- Why do you still wear
a hijab?
Isn't it
kind of contradictory?
- I choose to wear the hijab.
It does not oppress me...
but liberates me
from society's expectations
of what a woman
should look like.
People tend to get uncomfortable
when they cannot put you
in a box.
But I've always liked
to make people uncomfortable.
- Well, you're
very good at it.
- * Every night
you're saying prayers *
[both chuckle]
[cell phone vibrating, ringing]
- [clears throat]
Oh, sorry, I should--
I should take this.
Jane?
- At first, I was calling
because Sutton lied to me,
and I'm worried about her,
but now I'm calling
because I'm drunk
and I might puke
and I need you to come
and hold my hair back.
- I'm on my way.
*
I'm sorry, I, uh,
kind of have to go.
- Well, it's been very nice
packing contraband with you,
Kat Edison.
- Yeah, you too,
Adena El-Amin.
*
* Don't go
- Kat?
- * Don't go
- You can run the article.
- Okay.
- * Don't go on me now
- Thanks.
*
- I have no idea
why she lied to me,
but she seriously
saved my ass last night.
I was about three seconds
from drunk-dialing Eric.
- Kind of wish you had.
I like the idea of angry Jane.
- Are you sure
this is the right place?
- Yeah. This is the building.
- Swanky.
[dramatic music]
- Oh, my God.
*
Oh, my God.
- You guys followed me?
- We have each other's
"Find My Friends" for a reason.
- Yeah, in case one of us
gets blackout drunk
and/or roofied.
- How could you not
tell us that you're having sex
with Richard Hunter?
- 'Cause she's being an idiot.
- I've been dying
to tell you guys everything,
but he's a board member.
This is a huge risk for him.
If this ever got out,
it would be--
- No, if this gets out,
Richard will be absolutely fine.
Uh, he'll probably get
a pat on the back
from the rest of the board.
You're the one who's gonna
get trashed, Sutton.
We all know what everyone
at "Scarlet" calls this,
sleeping with an older man
with money, you're--
- Screwing up?
You think I'm screwing up?
- I don't think that, Sutton.
- First of all...
I can screw whoever I want.
And second of all, that's not
even what this is, Kat.
I like him.
What? A guy like that would
never go for a girl like me?
- That's not what we're saying.
- Do you realize
how insane it is
that you used an app
to stalk me?
[cell phone ringing]
- Okay, well, I called you--
- Just give me one second.
I needed you,
and you lied to me.
[both speaking at once]
- Firuze?
Okay, slow down.
- Okay, well, I'm sorry--
- I would never do that to you.
- Guys, shut up.
Shut up.
Adena's been detained
at the airport back home.
They found one of the vibrators
in her luggage.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm here.
They're supposed to take
the contraband and let her go,
but they've been holding her
for hours,
and they won't let Firuze
or anyone else talk to her.
- Well, does she have a lawyer
over there?
- No. that's why Firuze
called me.
She was hoping, you know,
that maybe I could help,
but, uh, I just have no idea
who to call.
- Um, Evan.
Get Janice O'Hare
on the phone.
I have a friend
at the State Department.
*
- Hey, I got the rundown
on what Adena's up against.
- Okay.
- Okay, there's some
legal document
that she has to sign,
but the gist is this--
she has to admit that she's
deeply ashamed of her crime.
- Well, Adena would never
sign that, so...
- Kat, she's got to sign it,
or else they're not gonna
let her go.
There's strict punishment
for women
who choose to defy them.
- Oh, really? Okay.
Well, then I guess I'll just
have to show them
a woman defying them.
Listen up, everyone.
Stop what you're doing.
We are going to tweet
that a woman is being held
against her will
simply for wanting to own
her own sexuality.
#FreeAdena, unless someone
has something better.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up.
Nobody is tweeting anything.
Kat, my office.
- I am the social-media
director, okay?
I'm tweeting this.
- Have you even considered
what this could do to Adena?
Putting attention on it?
Shaming them?
God, Kat,
just think it through
before you open your mouth.
*
[keys tapping]
What are you doing?
[tapping continues]
[cell phone whistles]
*
Get me
into "Scarlet's" Twitter.
We need to delete
whatever she just posted.
[dramatic music]
*
- It's funny.
- Kat, where are you going?
- I don't know, okay?
I don't know. I just--
I need to go to the consulate.
Or--or call the--
I don't know. I just--
I need to do something.
- There's nothing
you can do.
- Hey, hey, it's gonna be okay.
- Yeah.
- They could send her
to jail forever,
or worse, and it is
completely my fault.
- Hey, it is not your fault.
- Yes, it is.
I gave her the vibrators.
It was my idea to smuggle
them in, all because I...
[exhales shakily]
I just--I--
I need to fix this.
- No, what you need to do
right now is just scream.
When I was a kid
in Colorado,
I used to just hike up
to the mountains and scream.
Just let it out.
- Well, that is
a beautiful story, Jane,
but unfortunately,
this is not Colorado.
This is New York City,
and there is literally nowhere
in this entire city where people
aren't always on top of you!
Excuse me, sir, thank you.
*
- Shut up!
- No, no, no, this is perfect.
We just found the one place in
New York where you can scream.
- Oh, my God, Jane.
Please stop.
- Hey, we're just trying
to help you.
- What are you gonna do
to help, Sutton?
Are you gonna call
your boyfriend
and see if maybe he can fix
the problem for me?
- * Can't stop me now
- I got to go.
- You know what?
If she wants to
go through this alone,
let her.
*
- * Ah-ooh, oh-oh oh-oh-oh
- [groans]
- Hello, Jane.
- Jacqueline.
I'm so sorry, I didn't realize
you were in here.
I'll get out of your way.
- I just wasn't feeling
these shoes
sent over for the gala,
but it seems like you
need this closet
a lot more than I do.
- No, no, no.
Uh, don't wear shoes
you don't like because of me.
Just forget I was here.
- Jane.
What is going on with you?
- Um, nothing.
- I felt very confident
giving you this promotion,
but your energy this week
has been off.
Maybe you're not quite ready.
- No.
I am.
I'm ready.
And I'm so grateful
for this opportunity.
- Good.
I'm glad to hear that.
So when am I gonna get
some material from you?
- Soon. It's all there.
Well, I found Eric.
I, um--I'm just having trouble
finishing it.
- How can we fix that, then?
- Well, I guess
I-I need to talk to him.
- Well, that sounds like
a pretty good guess to me.
Why haven't you done that?
- Because it hurts too much.
[door opens]
- Jacqueline, I've got
Beyonc for you.
Beyonc Knowles.
- No shit, Andrew.
Tell her I'll call right back.
So it's your choice
whether you want
to go after
that ending or not,
but I've never met anybody
who made a career happen
by hiding out
in the fashion closet.
[soft music]
*
[door closes]
- * New scene, next block
* She'll be jaywalking
right across *
* While the cops talk
* Make you feel like a boss
* When your eyes lock
* And you can't stop staring
endlessly *
*
* Everybody knows
she's a perfect ten *
* And I'm hanging on tight
till the whole things ends *
- Don't even say it.
- I know, but I don't want you
to get hurt.
- Me neither.
- * She sets, she sets
the city on fire *
* She sets the city on fire
* Burns like
a million lighters *
* I'm going up,
I couldn't get much higher *
* She sets, she sets
the city on fire *
* Everybody knows
she's a perfect ten *
* And I'm hanging on tight
till the whole things ends *
- Hey. You texted.
What are we doing here?
- Well, I could
answer that, or...
I could show you.
Okay, I'm sorry I had to
ignore you before,
but this--this is--
- This is work.
- Yeah.
- And we knew this
would be tricky.
[soft music]
*
But this is not what I want.
I want to go out on dates.
I want to be asked out
on dates,
and if that's not
what you want,
I understand.
But I need you to know
I want to be the girl
you can't stop thinking about.
I deserve to be that girl.
*
Excuse me.
- Thank you very much
for joining me
to celebrate 60 years
of "Scarlet."
[cheers and applause]
Our little magazine has gone
through quite a few changes
over the past six decades,
and for those of you who say
that we are still
a fashion and beauty magazine,
I say yes.
Yes, we are.
But for those of you who say
we are just  a fashion
and beauty magazine,
I say, "Here's the next
great mascara
"to give you bigger eyes
to see the world.
"Here's a fabulous pair
of jeans.
Now go climb a mountain."
A few years ago,
I read an application
of a young intern,
and her words have always
stayed with me.
When asked why she wanted
to work at "Scarlet,"
she said,
"Because when I needed it,
"'Scarlet' was like
getting the advice
of an older sister that
I'd always wished I'd had."
No matter
how many years pass,
no matter
how the world changes,
"Scarlet" will always be
that older sister.
And we will always be there
for the girls who need her.
*
Those of you who work
at the magazine,
please raise your glasses.
*
You are the women and men
who work at "Scarlet,"
and 60 years ago,
this magazine set out
to redefine the rules.
And now that responsibility
falls to each one of you.
And I want to make sure
you understand
what I expect of you.
I expect you
to have adventures.
I expect you to fall in love,
to get your hearts broken.
*
I expect you to have sex
with the wrong people...
to have sex
with the right people,
to make mistakes
and make amends,
take a leap
and make a splash.
And I expect you
to unleash holy hell
on anybody who tries
to hold you back,
because you don't just
work for "Scarlet."
You are "Scarlet."
[cheers and applause]
- * I got guns in my head,
and they won't go *
- Cheers.
- * Spirits in my head,
and they won't go *
* I got guns in my head,
* Spirits in my head,
and they won't *
[The Strumbellas' "Spirits"]
[train rumbling]
[all screaming]
*
- * I've been looking
at the stars tonight *
* And I think, "Oh,
how I miss that bright sun" *
*
* I'll be a dreamer
till the day I die *
[cell phone ringing]
* But they say,
"Oh, how the good die young" *
* But we're all strange
* And maybe we don't want
to change *
- Get up.
Get up, get up, get up, get up.
- What?
- It's an international number.
*
- Hello?
Hey, Adena.
It's so good
to hear your voice.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, okay, so...
*
- Eric.
- Jane. Hi.
What are you doing here?
- I'm stalking you.
- I'm confused.
- It's a pretty crappy feeling,
isn't it?
[phone ringing]
- Lauren Park's office.
- Sutton.
It's Richard Hunter.
I'm calling because I can't stop
thinking about you,
and I would really like
to take you out to dinner.
*
I'll have to check my schedule.
- It's a great article.
- Thank you.
And thank you for everything
that you did to help.
- Well, I didn't do much.
I mean, my friend was able
to put some pressure on,
let 'em know
that we're watching,
but Adena's the one who refused
to sign that paper.
She's a brave girl.
- Yeah.
- And I know that
not sending that tweet
was not easy.
But it was
the right thing to do...
this time.
But not always.
Adena's a brave girl.
But so are you.
- Thanks.
*
- * I got guns in my head,
and they won't go *
* Spirits in my head,
* I got guns in my head,
and they won't go *
* Spirits in my head...
- [exhales sharply]
[cell phone vibrates]
- * The gun still rattles, oh
- [chuckles]
*
- So I read your article.
Let's see, "How To Get Over It
"When the Guy You Love
Leaves You
Standing in a Train Station."
It's not what we discussed.
- I know.
I, uh...
I took a swing.
- You certainly did.
*
It's excellent.
Does it get easier?
- Uh, the writing? Yes.
But the broken heart...
just takes some time.
*
- * And I don't want
[chuckles]
- * A never ending life
* I just want to be alive
[cork pops]
- * While I'm here
[laughter]
* Spirits in my head,
and they won't go *
* I got guns in my head,
* Spirits in my head,
and they won't go *
* But the gun still rattles
* The gun still rattles, oh
[laughter continues]